OK, now we can start to implement the register form, but first of all, let's talk about how angular
form items work in English.
We have a class called Form Control for each input field in our form, we need to create an instance
of the control class.
And with this control class, we can check the current value stored in an input field.
We can see if the input field has been touched or untouched.
We can see it is dirty, which means its value is changed or pristine, which means its value is not
changed, whether it's valid or not.
And if it's not valid, what are the validation errors?
So for each input field in the form, we need a control object similar to the control class.
We have another class called Form Group, which represents a group of controls in a form.
Each form essentially is a control group because it contains at least one control.
So for overall form, we can use the same validation methods with the foreign control.
Also, let us see it in an example for for example, if we have a form that contains inputs like username
and password, to add the validation to this form, we need to create a form group object for the form
and a form control object for each input field in the form.
With this way, we can track each input field and the entire form as a whole.
There are two ways to create these control objects.
One B is applying some directives in our template and ANGULAR will create these control objects for
us implicitly under the hood.
We call forms that are built with these very template driven forms, so we built them using their template.
Another approach involves explicitly creating these control objects.
So in our components we should write code to create new instances of the control group and to control
objects we call forms that are built this way as reactive forms.
If we need more control over foreign objects, we can prefer reactive forms.
If we need a simple and easy validation and easy configuration, we prefer to go with template deriving
forms in our project.
I will go with template derived forms because I don't want to make my code more complex.